foreign
you can say what you do but you really
have to get to why it matters they're
the businesses that keep the economy
running I see so many similarities in
samsara to where Salesforce was when I
joined there's so much unmet need it's
taking one killer product and then
creating a platform it's going into a
whole world that hasn't been transformed
and transforming it
we are digitally transforming companies
Industries our products can help to
leave the world a better place
being able to actually take data in and
make it actionable we've got so much
runway ahead of us
the customer stories that we can bring
to life if you can be real then people
remember it they remember how you make
them feel
how is this going to land with all the
samsaris around the world are we going
to help them do their jobs better are we
going to make an impact
motivate everyone explain the huge
opportunity we have to help people in
the world
that's what I think about
[Music]
thank you Charlotte hi everybody I'm
Sarah Patterson and I'm excited to be
kicking off our time at saster today
so first a little bit about me I am
originally from Boston I'm a
Massachusetts native but I live here in
San Francisco now and I am the mom to
two incredible kids you can see us
actually in the bottom right corner here
this picture was from our Halloween we
had two skeletons and two rainbow
unicorns going trick-or-treating in the
city so when the kids aren't playing
dress-up there are other Hobbies I
always get asked about are currently
destroying our house by playing indoor
soccer yes that's right indoor soccer
and we do not have a big space and
baking everything from chocolate
brownies to lemon and banana bread
definitely feeding uh all of the things
that we have learned about in more of
this work from anywhere world my other
day job besides being a mom to these two
is being CMO at samsara and before
coming over to samsara I was at
Salesforce from 2008 until
2021. while there I helped launch
several products and scaled company's
customer service product line called
service cloud from under 700 million in
ARR to over 5 billion in Revenue when I
left
I joined samsara in 2021 as CMO and I
helped take the company public a year
ago in December here you can see a
picture of me and some of my marketing
leadership team from a few weeks back we
were getting together to do an onsite at
our office one of the other passions I
have is making sure that we incorporate
time to give back into everything we do
so here we spend time writing cards for
hospitalized kids if anybody is looking
for any type of a VTO activity to do
during this holiday season I highly
suggest doing this one
all right so a little bit about samsara
the company was founded in 2015. we make
telematics and safety devices for
physical operations companies now
physical operations companies make up 40
of the world's GDP these businesses
Encompass everything from utilities
companies to field service construction
and transportation and warehousing
businesses they truly are the companies
that keep the world running and our
products help these companies make their
businesses safer more efficient and
sustainable which is solving a huge
unmet need in the world and it's been
incredible to work at a company where we
can have an impact on people's lives and
the world but more importantly right
that need in the market is one of the
reasons why we have been able to scale
why we have been able to get out there
and get our products to help so many
people the result of that is that we
reach 724 million in ARR as of our
earnings last week I've seen rapid scale
and growth here at samsara and also at
Salesforce and I'm excited to share the
lessons I've learned on how to build a
marketing engine to grow pipeline from
Millions to billions
now the first lesson here I have found
is all about speed to lead to build
pipelines from Millions to tens of
millions and Beyond you need to start
with a strong Foundation
and that all starts with building the
right way to get in front of your
prospects and connect with them quickly
and the first step here is just getting
a prospect interested in talking to you
that all starts with knowing your
audience this is the age-old marketing
guide right research your customer get
to know who they are and what problems
they are trying to solve
but I often get asked the question of
great I know about my customer I know
what problems they have now what how do
you show a customer that you truly know
them
I simply see this as speak their
language reflect your Cuts your
customers world back to them through
messaging use their acronyms the way
they talk about their problems and then
show their world back to them through
images on your website and your
marketing materials
and finally show them value make sure
that you can highlight the value you
drive for them in your materials it's
not just about speeds and feeds it's
about the benefit that they're going to
get from using your product and the
impact that that will have for their
business and their customers
now
once you have their attention and they
want to talk to you how fast is fast
enough to get back to them
I want everyone here to stop and take a
minute
think through how long does it take for
your team to get back to a potential
customer when they reach out to you
hopefully you all know the answer to
this and if you don't this is your
homework for after this session go and
actually sample that customer experience
and see what it is
the average time for B2B companies to
respond to a lead is two days
that's 48 Hours think of all that can
happen in that time
and if you think that your prospect
isn't checking out your competitors
products their website when they reach
out to you you're wrong
now how much do you need to focus on
speed to lead how important is this well
the faster you can get in touch with a
prospect the more likely you are to
convert them and in fact from an hbr
study they found businesses who respond
to leads in less than five minutes are
100 times more likely to connect and
convert them into opportunities
it is absolutely crucial that you invest
in getting this right early on because
it only becomes harder to put in this
infrastructure as you scale
so what are some tips for building this
out the right way the first time
so the first one that I have is follow
the lead a marketer's job doesn't stop
when a lead comes in track how long it
takes for leads to be routed to your
sales team and followed up on if it
takes hours or days you need to fix your
process
and there are ways that you can make
this better quickly
lead scoring know which of your leads
are your best converting leads and let
your sales teams know
we as samsara we send alerts to our
sales teams based on the type of leads
that come in and we ping them when they
haven't responded to what we know are
our highest value leads that they need
to get back to quickly
knowing what your top leads are and
making sure that you have an SLA with
your ADR team to follow up on them is
key to driving more sales
the second piece here is prep your sales
team the more tightly aligned you can be
across what your sales teams are saying
with what you are putting out in your
messaging the better your outcome it's
connecting this into a seamless
experience so let your teams know what
campaigns you're running what values and
benefits your showcase and how they can
continue the conversation with those
customers
and keep in mind that this experience
doesn't stop with your sales teams
aligned with your customer success and
your renewals teams this becomes
increasingly important as you think
about cross-sells and upsells and making
sure that you are driving a seamless
experience for your customers all across
your company
number three
build your marketing stack this is
crucial to scaling it's not all on you
and your team to drive this with manual
processes there are a number of tools
that are out there on the market that
can help you follow up on leads faster a
strong stack will be one that will help
you to prioritize the leads to follow up
on
to Route them quickly to your sales team
and that enables you to reach out with
the right conversation that's serving
that information up to your AE so that
they know what to say when they get on
the phone with that customer
also make sure that you know when you're
being curious with what messages are
resonating with your customers tools
like gong help you get great insights
into what questions your prospects are
asking on calls and how your sales teams
are responding
you can also use that to listen in and
borrow best practices from your top
performing reps and build that into your
marketing a strong feedback loop is
absolutely critical
all right number four test measure and
iterate when starting anything test it
out first whether it is a new tool a new
message or a new tactic develop your
hypothesis test it out and then focus on
scaling what works best I've seen many
companies that I've talked to are
advised run into trouble when
implementing a really costly And Timely
process without testing it out to see if
it actually works for them for the way
their sales teams are set up for what
their customers need
they over engineer something that isn't
going to work for them in the long run
and they waste valuable time
so to test and measure what do you need
to do
I always say build the right dashboards
to measure what matters
strong measurement is going to help you
focus on what is truly driving business
results and help you make objective
decisions
and finally when you know something is
working that's when you invest in
scaling
scaling and the tools to help you grow
capacity without needing to add new
heads to do every single process over
and over that is huge for growing your
pipeline efficiently
all right the second lesson here is all
about scale after building your
foundation and tackling your primary
Market even scaling your pipe now to get
to the next stage I'm often asked by
companies when should they begin
expanding into new geographies and how
should they start to approach this
well finding the right time to expand
internationally is difficult and it's
important to think through how to do
this strategically if you expand too
quickly you can spread yourself too thin
to be able to scale effectively having a
framework for how you enter new GEOS can
help you
now at samsara we operate in the U.S in
Canada Mexico and Europe
choosing when and how to expand into
each country we've had a number of
strategies and Lessons Learned along the
way
I want to take you through a case study
of how we expanded into Mexico and share
our best practices from this
now for us our telematics and Safety
Products found a huge Market here in the
U.S our telematics products for those of
you who don't know what they are they
help us measure what's happening in a
vehicle when it's driving how fast it's
driving whether something is going on in
the vehicle that the driver needs to be
aware of
our Safety Products our cameras that we
can use to detect if something is
happening on the road or in the vehicle
that could cause an accident and then we
alert the driver in real time
now while these products were really
successful in the US we knew that there
were differences in Mexico everything
from traffic patterns speed limits to
Simply would people be open to having
these products in their vehicles there's
a lot of cultural differences
we wanted to test out if we had the
right product Market fit before going in
with a big investment so we started
small
from the marketing side we took a person
from our us team who knew this product
in and out and who also spoke the local
language we had that person spend time
in the market understanding what
customers needed and also how they made
their purchasing decisions
we use that intelligence to start to
form a marketing plan
starting with our messaging our product
marketing and testing out different lead
gen channels to see what would work for
us
we looked at how we could support that
work from the US team this was another
important lesson that we had we carved
out a bit of time from some rock stars
on our us team where we said hey this
will be a great growth opportunity for
you to go in there open up your mindset
and say I want to go in and see do the
methodologies we use here in the US work
are there different ways that we need to
approach this Market in order to help be
able to scale
so what worked first the customer
insights were absolutely key there were
nuances in the market that we didn't
realize around what customers cared
about that we needed to change in our
product and then really be able to
Showcase in our positioning
that positioning fed into all of our
content we couldn't just take and
localize the content that we had here in
the us if we had done that the content
wouldn't have resonated in the market so
we took all of that feedback in we
repositioned ourselves we fed it into
our content our messaging and even in
the way that we were targeting and
engaging customers in our sales process
all through this we really saw how we
would have failed if we had just assumed
that what we were doing here in the U.S
would work in Mexico
so once we had that down once we had the
right product fit and we saw the
repeated success in our go to market
motion we knew it was time to invest
that's when we started expanding and
building out a local team bringing in
folks who had more expertise on the
ground to help us reach that next level
of scale
now expanding globally is key to Growing
your pipe but the main lesson here is be
sure to do so in a smart way
start by evaluating the market is the
opportunity big enough what does the
competitive landscape look like
then
check your product Market fit your
product may be perfect in one region but
not in another
don't assume that your product works the
same everywhere understand what those
Market nuances are and then finally
bring that into your marketing motion
and understand do your customers act the
same way in these new markets are there
different ways that you need to Market
to them are there different features you
need to call out different benefits of
your products maybe those customers also
rely on other ways to get information
maybe they rely on Partners to tell them
about what products to use versus
figuring it out for themselves maybe
there's a Consortium an industry
Consortium you need to be a part of
above all be curious that's the way that
you're going to have success so that you
can figure out what to do when you enter
into new GEOS and finally when you
figure out what you can scale with the
people and skills that you have be
cautious until you know you have the
recipe for Success down and then you can
amplify it by adding in more people and
more budget
now on to our third lesson the journey
to multi-products almost every company
that I have talked to that's looking to
scale to hundreds of millions to
billions looks at how to add new
products into their mix
the first step and this is a basic
lesson but it is worth repeating help
customers be successful with your first
product if they're not successful with
that product they're not going to see
the value of working with you and
they're not going to buy anything else
from you
after you have that strong motion for
how to bring your customers along and
help them be successful it comes down to
figuring out Simply what other problems
you can solve for them
we started by solving the one problem
our customers had around leading
telematics in their vehicles
as we kept working with our customers
they started telling us about other
problems they needed help with
this became our samsara customer
feedback loop and this was how we
started building out our roadmap for new
products and along the way we had a few
Lessons Learned on how to scale our
marketing to support this
first
building a new product for a new buyer
in the company was just as hard as
starting a company all over again we had
the most success where we could build a
product to sell into the same buyer that
we already had a relationship that we
were already working with or where we
could take our existing product and sell
it in to a new buyer within that same
company now this all makes sense of
course right
it was one of those ones that was
difficult in hindsight we were getting
told by our customers we've got this
really big problem over here go help us
focus on it for us and we did that in a
couple of instances and found that when
we were building the relationship with
those new buyers around a new product
internally we had less to rely on in
terms of messaging in terms of marketing
collateral in terms of the right sales
motion so really making sure that you're
focusing in on which problem you solve
first to be able to get scale is
absolutely critical
and of course look for where there's a
big Market opportunity this helps you
make sure that you get enough Runway out
of your investment you could build an
incredible product but if there are only
10 buyers in the world for it you have
to figure out if it's worth the
investment
so when listening to your customers make
sure that you're taking those insights
and testing them across the board with
all of your other customers to see is
the problem that they are trying to
solve the same how scalable and
repeatable is that motion for you
I also find that looking for product
areas where you can show a really strong
Roi from buying multiple products on the
same platform from the same company is
key I find that Roi and metrics driven
marketing is a great way to showcase the
value that you are delivering to your
customers and to build pipe quickly
especially in an environment where
people are having to justify everything
they're spending money on
show them how you impact their bottom
line help them sell this internally
second when figuring out which customers
to work with on new products it is just
the same as when you were launching a
new company figure out who you can work
with who is open to revving with you and
it was okay if they're helping to debug
the product with you as you're building
it
finding those early adopters who are
interested in being in on the ground
floor with you is key and this is
important on the product side but also
on the marketing side for marketing
these are your Advocates the people that
you're going to use as marketing
references at events in webinars in your
marketing collateral make sure you are
giving them a great experience and set
their expectations up front about what
they are going to get from working with
you
and finally think about pipe coverage
when launching new products rethink all
of the metrics that you are going to use
to measure success don't assume that the
close rates that you have for your
mature products will hold I always plan
for much higher pipe ratios for new
products as we roll them out to ensure
we're hitting those targets even getting
as high as 10x or above depending on the
product and the market
so that is how you can help scale a
business and as you all know this is a
hard journey but it is also really
rewarding my biggest takeaways from my
time at samsar and Salesforce are to
really focus on these three things
first build a strong Foundation really
narrowing in on building the right way
for Speed to lead so that you can get to
your prospect first before the
competition this sets you up with a
strong Foundation to build from as you
scale your business
second when expanding globally get local
knowledge but Global leverage get on the
ground be curious understand everything
about the customer
and question any assumptions that you
are making when you're entering into
those new markets
once you've figured out your motion for
success in that market that's when you
can scale your marketing with more
people with more budget
and finally on your multi-product
journey be customer-led have them show
you the problems that they need help
solving and then figure out which ones
they would be better off getting from
you from one company on one platform
where you can deliver strong Roi for
them
and when launching products build pipe
be realistic that you need a cushion to
hit your growth goals and most of all my
biggest learning from this is enjoy the
ride this world of scaling is really
challenging but extraordinarily
fulfilling
with that thank you all for your time
and I'd love to open it up to questions
all right thank you so much Sarah
um all right so if everyone has
questions please drop them into the Q a
icon on the bottom looks like we have
one from Harold so far
um Sarah outside of Transportation what
other use cases does simsara currently
have or plan to have
uh so we serve a huge swath of companies
across a number of Industries in the
world of physical operations right so if
you think about there's Transportation
there's construction companies with
machines on construction sites
um there's oil and gas Public Utilities
um companies like your local utility
provider on top of that we serve public
sector
um I've gone out and visited different
Departments of Public Works where we're
helping with the different
Services where people are coming around
they're keeping your streets clean
they're picking up the trash that you
put out every week they are fixing what
you need fixed in the cities that you
live in so all of that those are the
industries that we're serving across the
board
amazing okay thank you for that response
we have another one from Belle
um he says thank you Sarah great talk
any recommendations on tools you have in
a marketing stack or a B2B SAS startup
oh there are so many
in this
um I look through and in our marketing
stack there's pieces around how are you
reaching out and engaging your customers
what are email marketing tools that
you're using there's ones like
Salesforce has email marketing Adobe has
Marketo iterable is another great
product to get out there anything where
you can take the data that you have in
your CRM and you can segment it and then
get your specific message out to those
um specific individuals your CRM is
absolutely critical for you not just
which one you have but how it integrates
with the rest of your marketing stack
based on what you need to do what types
of messages you need to send out and I
always like to stress your CRM is only
as good as the data that you put in
there there's other great tools that can
help you to automate different workflows
Xavier is one that comes to mind and
then on top of that I mentioned gong
right a tool where you can really listen
in to what your sales teams are pitching
to your customers what the response is
that helps you to refine your marketing
message so there are a ton of great
products out there hopefully as you're
building your stack the way I like to
think about it is identify the biggest
problems that you're going to have go
out there run an RFP see who else is
using those products are they going to
fit the needs you have today and are
they going to scale to where you need to
get to in the next two years if you
spend a lot of time implementing
something that only works for the
problems you have today and you're not
anticipating where your business is
going to be you're going to end up
needing to redo all of that work in a
couple of years and that is going to be
absolutely painful and then the last
thing I'll say analytics how are you
measuring your website traffic how are
you measuring your conversion raise how
are you taking a look in a dynamic
real-time way and all of the pipe that
you're driving in what stage of
opportunity it's getting to and where
it's getting stuck so tools like I have
great Tableau dashboards and visits that
I spend a lot of time in
um check out and see what are those
different tools that you're using to
measure your web traffic and to measure
all of your opportunities
awesome thank you all right we're
getting a lot of questions now
um Jake says great talk uh how do you
set expectations with sales when they
burn through marketing pipe without a
sales process
um
I find that data is your best friend
here right so that all comes back to if
you were if they're burning through pipe
and they are not converting it they
don't have the right sales process
what's your customer acquisition cost
how much are you going out and spending
and how many leads are then falling out
of your bucket so I showed the Journey
Back Again to the data that you have I
show how that's increasing our cost to
bring in new customers because we are
not converting those leads that we
already have and then really showcase
the value of hey we've lost this deal to
potentially this competitor it we have
lost our opportunity and our chance are
at bat with them for potentially a
custom couple of years if not longer
what is the cost of that to our business
that lost ACV and Revenue
okay awesome
um all right lots more questions here
um let's see here
uh when you expanded to a local MX
marketing leader at what level did you
hire c-suite VP director manager things
like that
great question we hired in a really
strong fantastic director level
individual in our Mexico team and she's
been able to build the team up in region
really focusing on which of the
functions do we need to have in the
local market and then where can she tap
into a center of excellence or shared
service that we have in our headquarters
team to help her scale and negotiate all
of those different conversations but we
went for a director level
okay thanks for sharing that
um another one we have is from imray
what is the ratio between marketing and
inbound Source leads and outbound Source
leads and out in samsara
ah
so this I find varies by product line
um it varies by product line I have
found that this varies in terms of
maturity across different businesses so
given we have been a newer company we
have been able to generate an
extraordinarily high amount of our first
purchase pipeline through marketing
right we've been able to generate 40 50
percent depending on the segments that
we are in and then we're filling the
rest of the bucket with outbound with
Partners right with AE generated pipe
with upsell and cross-sell at Salesforce
as the company matured more and got more
into Enterprise part of this is thinking
about who you're going after who you're
targeting if your business is targeting
Enterprise companies and you're not
going into a bigger mid-market area
think about the fact that
there's a known universe in there right
of those Enterprise companies and so as
you start to bring them on board
um I often say to people it's not like
another Fortune 10 company pops up
overnight those companies have been
around for a long time and in the making
for a long time
um so you can take my numbers in as just
one gauge but you really need to take a
look at your business who you are
targeting to figure out what the right
ratios are going to be for your teams
thank you
okay question from Syed any advice for
SAS companies with no touch sales models
but some ad marketing campaigns
oh for no touch sales models
um back in the day at Salesforce I
worked a lot around how to
basically ensure that our ADR teams at
Salesforce were not answering a lot of
questions to help get people started
um and really were able to focus more on
just answering the questions to help
people evaluate whether the tool was the
right one for them
the work we went through was trying to
have the best knowledge database
possible for our customers and that's
what we have seen work the best in a
self-service model when a customer is
going out there you need to understand
what their journey is what questions
they're going to have and you need to
orchestrate that so that they can find
those answers along the way on their own
and remove any friction that you have
from that process so your tooling your
stack
um the speed of that right all are
things that you need to focus on and
those are all tips
thank you okay that makes sense
um next question here is you mentioned
both samsara and Meraki were
multi-product focused from an early
stage how early should companies start
thinking about multi-product expansion
great question this comes back to what
is your Market opportunity
um if you have one product you should be
getting out there with that one product
and really ensuring that you are able to
scale it effectively and to continue
that growth
when you add in new products you start
to section off time
resources attention from that one
product so when I've talked to companies
about this before my guidance is try to
go as far as you can with the one
product first before you start to build
out and expand your product portfolio
with multiple products
um the more you can do that the more
synergies you get across your business
and the more economies of scale so
that's not a direct answer of giving you
this time it really depends on how you
were able to scale with that one product
but I would really try to push yourself
to go as long as possible on that one
product before starting to add in others
okay thank you
um another question came through how do
you overcome the hardware disadvantages
in the SAS ecosystem did Hardware also
create advantages for you
great question and it sounds like
somebody who knows our business
um for us Hardware created advantages
for us especially early on because when
we are looking at digitizing this world
of physical operations it's everything
from what is the temperature in a truck
right we had an early customer Cal girl
Creamery where a shipment of their
cheese was refused by a local
supermarket because shockingly there was
a heat wave in San Francisco it doesn't
happen often but the store said there's
no way that this cheese these products
have been stored at the right
temperature I don't want to take that on
if this is all about to go bad
that data of finding out what
temperature that truck was at
um throughout that heat wave was
something that was impossible to get
early on without having a physical
Hardware product so we had this
Advantage by having the hardware product
to be able to get that information out
the benefit of this is that we have been
scaling and collecting this data now at
samsar since
2015. we have been able to see and set
benchmarks for our customers around for
specific companies in specific
Industries what are ways that they can
increase their safety what are
benchmarks that they should have because
we have all of that data on one platform
and so the scale that we've been able to
get to with the data we have from those
products has just been paying off
exponentially for us and that has been a
great Advantage for us through our
business
thank you love an example that involves
Cowgirl Creamery
um all right the next question is
samsara has to find core customers as 5K
and up with 100K plus being the big
growth engine how do you allocate
resources to non-core customers are they
still brand ambassadors
so we take a look at how we can serve
our customers based on their needs right
so we take a look at what are the needs
of different customers and how do we go
and meet those needs that for samsara
and that for Salesforce was always the
way that I feel companies should be
addressing those different needs
different companies of different sizes
have different problems that they're
trying to solve so I don't see it as
taking a percentage of people's time or
budget I see it as making sure that you
as a company are understanding what your
customer needs from you and then
figuring out the most efficient way to
go and to be able to serve those needs
okay excellent that makes sense
um all right we are still getting a lot
of questions here I love this
um
let's see
this says what are some of the most
impactful things samsara has done to
build relationships with existing
customers
hmm
great question so first it goes back to
what I was talking about around help
your customer be successful really be a
partner to them get into their business
and help make sure that your product is
hitting their need
what customers have told us is they love
the fact that we go on site that we
spend time with them understanding truly
what they're going through on a
day-to-day basis and if something isn't
working for them we help adjust that
right so first and foremost I see it as
really get in there help understand what
a customer needs and then be able to
solve that from there you can scale out
to helping them solve all sorts of other
problems that they have in their
business as they start to come up but
really putting on your hat to be curious
about what your customer needs being
open to partner partnering with them is
truly a key to success for any business
customer first mentality yeah yeah I
hear you and I think you bring up such a
good point with the in person
um you know time being so valuable so
that's a great Point
um next question is you mentioned the
speed to lead and how often you use
automated software to get responses out
fast to prospective clients at what
point do you bring in the human touch of
a sales team member versus that
automated sales messaging
so actually in our speed to lead at
samsara we try to get a human in touch
with them as quickly as possible so our
speed to lead isn't about sending an
automated response it's all about taking
that lead in
understanding who they are deduping that
in our database to say is this an
existing account where we can put them
in touch with someone who already knows
them or is this somebody new where we
can put them in touch with somebody else
we want to give them that personalized
experience and then getting it to an AE
to a salesperson as quickly as possible
who can call them up who can get on the
phone with them and talk to them and
answer their question so that is all of
our our speed to lead it truly is about
trying to make that human connection as
quickly as possible
okay wonderful
all right I think we have time for just
a few more questions here we have one
that came in uh from
C hassanists says did you encounter did
you encounter with any difficulty for
charging the hardware as recurring
Revenue especially in Mexico if your
answer is yes how did you overcome this
so in charging for our Hardware we put
it as part of a subscription we make
sure that our customers know we are
giving you a service and the hardware is
one component of that to enable us to be
able to give you a certain type of
experience
our customers have been really receptive
to this they love the fact that we are
showing them the value that they are
going to get out of that product and
that that product is not just about
putting a device into their vehicle
right into their operations it's truly
about the ongoing value so once
customers once we've explained that to
them we have not had issues with them
saying that they do not like the fact
that we are really just taking that
hardware and making it a part of their
ongoing subscription they love the fact
that we are really showing we are in it
for the long term by having a
subscription pricing with them to show
that it is a partnership on delivering
value
got it okay thank you all right I think
we have time for one more
um so let's see here can we ever get to
the point where a lead can immediately
talk to sales or close to it when we
call small businesses someone picks up
the phone and helps can we ever get here
with sales prospects don't always want
to wait
great question so there's lots of ways
that companies do do this and it depends
on what is the way that somebody wants
to talk to you
um for me personally when I want to
reach out and talk to someone I often
don't want to talk to them on the phone
because I am a busy working mom trying
to get in touch with people while
multitasking many things my preferred
way of getting in touch with someone is
text or I am chat those are two great
ways that a lot of companies have put
out their chat Bots right or on their
website that can immediately then route
a lead into a person there's other
companies where they put phone numbers
um onto their site so that someone can
call in and talk to a person those are
other ways that I have seen a lot of
companies really try to make that
connection for their customers but again
it all goes back to what can you support
and what are you able to deliver to your
customers if you put that phone number
out there are you always going to have
somebody on the other end of the line
that is going to pick up and that is
going to be able to answer their
questions thinking through that whole
interaction is what's ultimately most
important yeah that's a really good
point you can only do so much but then
you have to make sure you have the other
resources and bandwidth to be able to
follow that way make sure you deliver on
those promises that you're putting out
there to your customers so that they
know they can rely on you for their
business yep exactly
okay
um I'll give people another few seconds
to submit any other questions they might
have
you have about five minutes left if we
need to to use some more time here uh
let's do this question uh samsara please
in many industries from transportation
to wholesale to energy to Logistics to
food and beverage how do you Market to
so many Industries at once each has its
own events Partners channels Etc so how
do you manage
that is a there's so many pieces to that
question it's a great one
um when getting out there and when
starting you have to figure out for your
business do you have a message that you
can start with that works across lots of
Industries or when do you get out and
start to customize it for each industry
that you're getting into
the more horizontal you can be up front
the more scale you get right the way
that we do it is we build out we've got
industry focuses we take a look at which
Industries where we've got the best
product fit with our product and we go
out there and we take a look at which
industry trade shows do we want to go to
we put up industry pages on our website
to show those customers we're speaking
their language and we also get into not
just the industry Focus but the sub
industry right there are a lot of
different nuances based on all sorts of
sub-industries and that is an important
lesson that I learned from Salesforce
and that we are leaning on here at
samsara which is don't assume that you
can speak to everybody in One industry
in one way the problems are different
the value you're providing is different
the product features that they might
need to use could be different but you
really need to focus and not spread
yourself too thin and think through the
right way to build and deliver that
content to your customers
foreign
[Music]